Hello, man, myself, Neil Patel and our group has worked on a project talk management system.
1st of all, I will briefly explain to, you.
Of a project in this app in this.
In this app a user.
And it will make, we'll create account basically our target audiences.
Soft keeper or any form or any.
Agency owner or a person dealing with the stock.
Uh, he he can manage stock.
Oh, no, it.
1st of all any farmer will create account and then.
Log in to the app, and then he will be able to add stock.
You stop a filter stuff by integrity brand name.
Or by supplier, but user will also be able to dispatch for.
Also able to view the dispatch.
The stock used that basic the concept used.
In the base are in our physical concept, enter.
Interfaces inheritance and use of keywords, like.
If we can sign and then flashes object methods.
And we have, and also in our classes.
So 1st of all, I am going to explain the.
This color is this is specifically for.
Giving the output in in some color.
Now will come to the user class.
In user, plus we have defined variable user name, password our form.
And this is the concept for the last.
Which may be committed.
Or user name, password ID, idea of form name of a.
I'll use that on any.
So, now, coming to the class minutes, this class management extends the user.
And then implement this color and in.
In user, plus I homemade check talks talk.
In our class, it is in our class in the in this class in a class of this class.
And also make object of also make this better off this object.
And this is the constructor for this manage class.
This is the private in our class talk to our or checkout this class this class will basically store basically a store or.
Or 1 stock can take, for example, or.
A user, or any form will have, we'll be having go down and we'll be storing 50 to 40 to 50.
And this is for starting that 40 or 50 elements.
In this class object will be of this class to starting to store the category item. Name supplier. How many items are.
Total value of this stock, and this is the construct that image will initialize and.
You evaluate all these variables now, coming to the entering lock stock whenever.
And then there were some, some object will call and then.
We will, we will take input every item name.
Company name, supplier, number of items.
Price if user will enter a number of item list, we will, we will retake it.
And it will, so we'll comments.
Please enter valid quantity. Same for the price.
Please enter valid will take very price then.
And now coming to the view, stop.
This method, especially for.
We're showing that the current stock in the go down.
What to place and.
This will source top category and.
Item name company, name, supplier.
And we'll stop by category is the same as a matter but.
But 1 difference is that the only.
The only stop and will be so.
So, on the category with user and touch a user.
And this is for the same, there's talk of.
Based on the email, the stock of particular item.
Will be shown in this matter, you item.
Now, coming to the dispatch is pet ID matter issues.
This is for dispatching desktop is betting the stuff.
So, if user ID is will be the greater, then.
Then I'll talk item, install guide is the threshold of of total ID.
Present in the stock inside, they will be greater than than and stock tech stock will be not.
They're not in in program, if our ID will be less than 0T and also I will be out of range.
And if if user will and want to spend more than the current or present.
Number of quantity, or will be less than 0.
More than more than present quantity then.
So, the message.